## Brainstorm Signs

A better world for all is possible, when every individual has a better chance to be understood. This can only happen, if every individual can communicate in ways that feels natural to the person, even when those ways are different from the norm. Therefore, we who work in 2Tango Signs, dedicate ourselves to work on to finding the best solutions for inclusive communication. Our goal is to bridge the gaps in communication, specifically when neurological and physical differences can create barriers to understanding each other. 

The Family Signs app, and its underlying research done by 2Tango and partners, focusses on reducing the barriers in communication within the family context. Its build from a social mission to support families, where communicative preferences between family members are different. Family Signs provides them with a digital messenger that supports communication-types that go beyond typing and talking, because the most-used types of communication are not suitable for everyone. When you don’t have the words for something, or don’t know how to start a sentence, the Family Signs assistant will be there to help you out. Family Signs allows you to use your phone to paint a gesture in the sky, send a text message and express yourself to your family in the way that you prefer. It is suitable for all ages and is especially fun for kids who love to bring some more magic into their own world.

The aim of Family Signs App is to be a practical tool for daily use, that support the family at large, and the members with communicative-differences the most. The app works as a digital messenger for family communication, but also serves as a gateway, and shared library, to start creating your own sign language: a Sign language that is specific and unique to your own family. A way of communicating with handgestures and armgestures, that after a starting phase, can also be used in the real world, in situations offline to cooperate when talking is not the best, equal, fun or most effective solution for all.
We believe that being able to communicate, beyond verbalization and typing, will allow for those for who this will be a natural preference, to play a more equal or effective part, in the family conversation
